# Samantha Jacobson
## Assignment 14 (paper)

  So starting off with this assignment, I had a hard time with it because of the whole set-up process. The instructions in the course website were very vague, and I had to ask for help. I tried looking at the Node.js website to see if there was some instuctions, but it ended up being about the same as the course website. I looked on YouTube too. I am more of a visual person, so when I'm following instructions it easier if I have more visual aide. Videos are also pretty easy for me to follow, but I know that not all instructions have pictures. When I look at just writing some of the different terms are confusing and hard to understand. Anyway, I was eventually able to figure it out. I had to rewrite it multiple times but it finally works. Writing in the command prompt was a different experience. It was also very stressfull because after I was able to get the right directory to my project folder, I had a hard time getting the folder of node modules. I would put in the npm command and it would not download into my file. I had to rewrite it a couple times and I still did not get anything. So what I did was I went into the example that was given to us and I tried to download it. I ended up having to download the whole repository to get that file, because it would not let me download that certain file by itself. Once I got the folder I wrote node main.js and my website was connected and it worked properly becauseI had that modules folder. After I was able to connect to the server through Node.js, I was able to connect two HTML pages using parser. I was able to get the second page to reseive information. I'm not quite sure exactly how Node.js is related to everything that we did this semester. The assignment that this assignment reminded of was assignment 4, where we had to get information from the user, like there name by using getElementbyId. When the user put in there number or an option it would greet them or change the story. My assignment was this food dilemma where you had to help Kendera figure out what pizza meal she should get for her family. In assignment 14 we were able to get information and send it to another page. We also used a lot of elements in our previous assignments, like functions, arrays, variable and parse. I feel like it will become a handy tool when trying to uploade your website to a server. If I end up creating websites in the future, I might have to use it.
