# Samantha Jacobson
## Assignment 5

This Assignment was very stressful due to me not putting in the numbers and makeing variable that I already made and than deleted without knowing. So I figured out how to create and array for the blank images and the matching images that I needed for this assigment, but I had a hard time figuring out how to get my images to show. I think I restarted this assigment like 3 or 4 times. I kept thinking that there was something wrong with the arrays. Learning how to debug helps a lot. I went into the console to figure out my errors. One error kept say that the count was undefine and for some reason it took me like and hour to figure it out. I had to create a variable for count. The thing that was weird about this error is I think made a variable for count and I accidently deleted it. I looked throught the examples and Youtube videos to figure it out. Another error came up saying Uncaught typeError: cannot set property "src" of null. I had no idea what that ment. I went an looked up what a null error was and I found a video of this guy with the same error. He said that to fix it you need to put the script tag in your html file in body tag under everything. He said that you needed to put it there because if you put it at the top everything with not load fast enough because javascript reads each line from top to bottom. If you put it ato the bottom it will read the images first before the script, making it show up. I went in and did that and nothing showed up of only half of my images show up. After hours of trying to figure out this stupied error, I finally figured out what I did wrong. My stupid self decided that I was going to copy and paste the divs with the images in them and not fully change all of the correct numbers in the images. Once I changed them to the correct numbers it worked just fine. After that mess I styled it to make it look pretty. Thats pretty much it.
