# Samantha jacobson
## Assignment 3

For Assignment 3 I had to create a adventure story simulation game. At first I was so confused on how I was going to make it using varable, if statement and fuctions. So I went throught the examples and videos on those certain subjects, but it still was not processing in my brain on how I could do it. I looked at the Homework example that was given to us. I put the code into my coding program(Atom) and ran the code in the browser(Google Chrome). I looked at the code while I ran the simulation to see what each peice of code did. The script.js was the most confusing to understand, but I eventually figured it out. Than I deletes the code in Atom and I created the files that I needed. then started with the index.html. I put in the basic tags like html,head, and body. in the head tag I titled my page and linked the script.js and style.css. I also put in my meta tags. in the body tag I set up my web page by creating divs with an img, the title of the story, the first part of my story and two buttons. The buttons have an id for the certain choices and a onclick from the function that is needed. Then I went into the script.js and  put in a function that was linked to the onclick. I made 2 variable that will help link my if statements. The thing that got me confused about this Assignment was the way the if and else if statements were layed out with the different choices in the example that was given to us. I could not figure out how the choices linked together. I looked at the example and found out the at the beginning of the the if and else if statements where it says (choice == 1 && answer1 == ""), the part with the "" is the title of the choice. So I had to make an if/ else if statement for each individual choice in the whole simuation and I had to put there exact names in those "", so that they could all link together. One I figured out the promps and choices in my script.js, I moved on to the style.css file. I used this file to custumise the webpage. I changed the font, the color of the background and the positions of the item on the page. That is pretty much it.
