# Samantha jacobson
## Assignment 4

This assignment was dificult and frusterating. I was able to set up the story part of it, but I had a hard time figuring out the function with the parameters, the for loop and the restart part of the project. I wanted to make the function with the parameters one of the first things that you wound see. I wanted the user to put in there name and then once they submitted there name, the story would pop up. I couldn't figure it out even with help. So I put it off to the side using a table along with the for statement. I had a hard time figuring out the varable and the math in the for loop but I eventually figured it out. I also had a hard time figuring out the restart part of the project. I kept trying to incorporate it into the choices of the story, but it got really confusing and I broke the code a couple of times. Then I figured out that I can simply make a button and put it at the bottom that will just reset the page. This assignment was also very confusing when it came to the story part. So I went a long with the example video on how to do it. I made up my story. It got really concusing when I had to create three more choices and somehow link the choices together. I found out that you had to have certain choices in each function in order for it to flow right. It took me a bit to get it right. It is not how I wanted it to look. I wanted it to look more clean. It looks crappy. I am also use to doing the styling in the style.css file and not javascript. I change the title's color using javascript. I already styled it before I knew that I had to use it, but I got it in there.
