# Samantha Jacobson
## Final

So this is the last readme. I'm glad that I was able to understand most of the materials this semester. A lot of the stuff was stressfull, but I am glad that I was able to figure out most of the material.
For my final I decide to do a senario game where you the user picks and chooses the answer. Its similar to assignment 3. But I wanted to create a game where the character moves like in those senario game apps. What I desided to do was to create accouple of sprites that would move in a loop and that would change based on the answer that the user chooses. I followed this tutorial that uses spritesheets, but each images was a separate image. What I did first was write down how the game and questions were going to go on a piece of paper. I wrote how may questions and sprites I might need and labled them(it helpped a lot later on). Once I figured out everything I was able to start coding and createing sprites. The thing that was tough was how many files I needed for this. The was probably a way that took less files, but the more files way was easier for me to understand and work with. I desided to do a game where the character wants to change there look and the sprites look will change based on the answers the user chooses. I created my sprites in illustrator and there is about 16 sprites. It was a lot and I think that is why my computer hates me now. In order to make my sprites change I put each one into there own html page and in the js chooses I put window.location.page.html in the place of the choices and it would change. I think the hardest part about this was just try to get my files to work. I know that there is a lot of file, but it works and I'm glad it does.
