# Samantha jacobson
## Assignment 1

For this week's assignment it was more of a refresher of my pass experiences with github, html and css. There were some things that I forgot like how to create a menu (which is like one of the most basic things that you can create in html). I just needed a refresher because I haven't done very much coding in the past year. So what I did is I looked up how to do certain things by searching through google and going through past assignments that I have done in previous classes just to see how I created things in the code. I also looked at the code from the example that Micheal has given us to go off of. The first thing that I did in my Assignment 1, is I created all of my files that I needed, like index.html and README.md. I created two folders one for my CSS stylesheet and one for my images. Then I started to write the code. The first thing that I created was a Doctype. Then I set up the main tags, html, head and body. Next I put in my meta tags. I put in div tags to create sections in my site. I used classes, and ids to style my page the way I wanted it. I embeded fonts into my style stylesheet and then added them to the classes and ids. The things that I had a little trouble with was adding a background image. I figured out that I was writting the url wrong in my stylesheet. I also had a hard time figuring out how to link my navigation links to different parts of my web page. After looking and experimenting for a couple hours, I found a youtube video that made it look so easy. It was easy once I figured it out. Overall this was a big reafresher and it took me a long time to do. I hope it looks nice to everyone who sees it. I like how it turned out. To be honest, with how much effort I put into this first assignment, I am kind of scared on how the future assignments are going to be.
